 

Welcome to DSC. 110.A! In this course, you will explore data science and learn how to apply it to healthcare settings. This course tests the ability to describe data, predict what will happen, and if a treatment works. Through the introduction to coding that this course offers, you will gain proficiency in Python, SQL, and R using actual datasets to apply these concepts and master the three core tasks of Description, Prediction, and Causal Inference through randomized trials and observational studies. Through working with these datasets, you will interpret the structures and limitations of healthcare data sources and gain the ability to apply data science methods to healthcare datasets through machine learning, causal inference, and healthcare analytics. In learning these skills, I was able to apply them through each coding assignment I completed in Github, mastering different Python coding projects through the Description, Prediction, and Causal Inference tasks. Here, my folder contains activities created using Colab. Week 1 to Week 10 showcases how I have improved in how Python is applied to each core task. My first project was my introduction to Python, where I first learned what the variables and libraries meant. I learned how to put them together to create an effective code. Achieving this helped me to improve how to apply these learned skills to future, more complex datasets in Prediction tasks, Causal Inference tasks, and Model evaluations which are executed in the remaining projects in the following weeks. In Week 3, SQL, which is the language of data, filters and sorts information that is to be stored in the database.  From there in the weeks that followed, I was able to generate images and different models that predicted outcomes from the datasets using Python based on how different variables worked together to generate different graphs like bar graphs, histograms, and boxplots. Model Evaluations in the last two weeks were more effectively achieved due to a strengthened ability to execute the relation between variables and their libraries.  
